Issue: 2236 - adds an option to append CA certificates (#2237)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/configuration/overview.md

| `--prompt` | string | [OIDC prompt](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest); if present, `approval-prompt` is ignored | `""` |
| `--provider` | string | OAuth provider | google |
| `--provider-ca-file` |  string \| list |  Paths to CA certificates that should be used when connecting to the provider.  If not specified, the default Go trust sources are used instead. |

> | `--provider-ca-file-append` | bool | Determines if `provider-ca-file` files are appended to the default store.  If set to true, files will be appended to the default Go trust stores, otherwise it will replace it. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--use-system-trust-store` | bool | Determines if `provider-ca-file` files are and the system trust store are used.  If set to true, your custom CA files and the system trust store are used otherwise only your custom CA files.  | false |
```

> | `--use-system-trust-store` | bool | Determines if `provider-ca-file` files are and the system trust store are used.  If set to true, your custom CA files and the system trust store are used otherwise only your custom CA files.  | false |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--use-system-trust-store` | bool | Determines if `provider-ca-file` files and the system trust store are used. If set to true, your custom CA files and the system trust store are used otherwise only your custom CA files. | false |
```
